readme.md, before:

##[Ninja Autocomplete](http://ninjaui.com/autocomplete)
*the [jQuery](http://jquery.com/ "jQuery 1.7+") plugin for lethal interaction*

###Develop

1.) [`Fork`](fork_select) Ninja Autocomplete.

2.) Clone from your fork.

    git clone git@github.com:$GITHUB_USER/ninja.autocomplete.git ~/Development

3.) Install dependencies:

    cd ~/Development/ninja.autocomplete
    npm install

Build and test latest development version:

    grunt

Watch and build/test when libraries/tests change:

    grunt watch

Live reload in your browser when libraries/tests change:

    grunt browser

###Authors
[`uipoet`](/uipoet "Jamie Hoover") and [`faisal`](/faisal "Faisal N. Jawdat")

###License
Copyright 2008-2012 Jamie Hoover.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

You may obtain a copy of the License at

[ninjaui.com/license.txt](http://ninjaui.com/license.txt)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

npm scripts
Adds npm script aliases. Now there is no need to use the grunt command.

Updates readme.md to reflect these changes.

Version Bump.

readme.md, after:

##[Ninja Autocomplete](http://ninjaui.com/autocomplete)
*the [jQuery](http://jquery.com/ "jQuery 1.7+") plugin for lethal interaction*

###Develop

1.) [`Fork`](fork_select) Ninja Autocomplete.

2.) Clone from your fork.

    git clone git@github.com:$GITHUB_USER/ninja.autocomplete.git ~/Development

3.) Install dependencies:

    cd ~/Development/ninja.autocomplete
    npm install

4a.) Live reload/restyle your browser when libraries/tests change:

    npm start

open `http://localhost:3000/` for documentation or `http://localhost:3000/test` for tests

4b.) Or test manually:

    npm test

5.) Commit your changes.

6.) Send a pull request.

###Authors
[`uipoet`](https://github.com/uipoet "Jamie Hoover") and [`faisal`](https://github.com/faisal "Faisal N. Jawdat")

###License
Copyright 2008-2012 Jamie Hoover.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

You may obtain a copy of the License at

[ninjaui.com/license.txt](http://ninjaui.com/license.txt)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
